docs: add diagrams and documentation about credential management (#2222)
openedx/credentials: docs/program_completion_emails.rst

> Program Completion Emails

Author: View rendered version here: https://github.com/openedx/credentials/blob/4ac3801a8d900d9db21f21d737ce0fcfd978d17e/docs/program_completion_emails.rst

date, they will _not_ receive another completion message.

This feature supports defining both HTML and PlainText message templates and uses `edX ACE`_ to send the messages.

.. image:: _static/images/program_completion_email.png
    :alt: A diagram showing the components involved in sending a program completion message to a learner.

Configuration
-------------

This feature is gated by both a feature flag and some additional configuration (in the form of a
**Program Completion Email Configuration**).

Feature Flag
~~~~~~~~~~~~

To enable this feature the ``SEND_EMAIL_ON_PROGRAM_COMPLETION`` setting must be added to the Credential IDA's
configuration and set to **True**. This feature is disabled by default.

Program Completion Email Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once the feature is enabled, an Open edX Administrator must create a **Program Completion Email Configuration** that
defines the content of the messages sent to learners. These configurations are managed via Django Admin.

.. image:: _static/images/screenshot_program_completion_email_django_admin.png

>     :alt: A screenshot of Credential's Django Admin interface, highlighting where program completion email configurations are managed.

Reviewer: Also nonblocking, but this one could definitely be more informative.
```suggestion
    :alt: The Credential's Django Admin interface, the Credentials management group, with Program Completion Email Configurations as the third item down in the list.
```

Author: Another great suggestion. This will be included with the other changes. Thank you!

HTML elements can be modified by updating the ``ALLOWED_EMAIL_HTML_TAGS`` setting in the Credentials configuration.

Lastly, the ``Enabled`` checkbox must be enabled to enable the configuration.

How It Works
------------

When sending a Program Completion Email, the system will select the **most specific** template to a learner. Consider
the following scenario. There is a default configuration, a **Professional Certificate**  program type configuration,
and a configuration for a specific Program (we will refer to it as **Program A**).

* Learner 1 is enrolled in **Program A**. Upon completion, they will receive the program specific **Program A** message.
* Learner 2 is enrolled in a **Professional Certificate** program. Upon completion, they will receive the program level
  message.
* Learner 3 is enrolled in an **XSeries** program. Upon completion, they will receive the default message (as there is
  no program specific template nor a template defined for the **XSeries** program type).

If there is no default template defined a learner will not receieve any message from the system upon completion of
their program.

> .. _Django Admin:

Author: Oops! I forgot to remove this. Fixing this locally now.
